# Amazon-Reviews-Sentiment-Analysis

As online market places have been popular during the past decades, the online sellers and merchants ask their purchasers to share their opinions about the products they have bought. Everyday millions of reviews are generated all over the Internet about different products, services and places. However, as the number of reviews available for a product grows, it is becoming more difficult for a potential consumer to make a good decision on whether  to buy the product or not. Different opinions about the same product on one hand and ambiguous reviews on the other hand makes customers more confused to get the right decision. Here the need for analyzing this contents seems crucial for all e-commerce businesses. 
Sentiment analysis and classification is a computational study which attempts to address this problem by extracting subjective information from the given texts in natural language, such as opinions and sentiments. Different approaches have used to tackle this problem from natural language processing, text analysis, computational linguistics, and biometrics. 
Amazon is one of the e-commerce giants that people are using every day for online purchases where they can read thousands of reviews dropped by other customers about their desired products. These reviews provide valuable opinions about a product such as its property, quality and recommendations which helps the purchasers to understand almost every detail of a product. 
This project is considering the sentiment classification problem for online reviews using supervised & unsupervised approaches to determine the overall semantic of customer reviews by classifying them into positive and negative sentiment. The data used in this study is a set of product reviews from Amazon that is collected online.
